# 高考必背200句（106—110）

106. It last Straw came when l even failed to make or receive calls with it.[[投诉信]] [[续写]]
     
     1. Straw稻草：The last straw came when

107. Under theseit is my sincere hope that you could replace it with a
     new set.

108. In spite of his tremendous efforts, he still failed in the driving test.
     
     1. In spite of = despite + n.
     2. In spite of several attemptshe still failed to find the solution. [[续写]] [[负面情绪]]

109. At the thought of tomorrow's ball,she tossed and turned in bedunable to fall asleep.
     
     1. Toss 投掷： toss a coin ; He tossed a ball to me. [[续写]]
     2. She toss her head and walked away. 扭头就走
     3. Kept tossing and turning in the bed 一直辗转反侧 (and unable to fail asleep)

110. Thunder contrnued to shake the sky and litghtning illummated the store for seconds, casting frightening shadows on my mind. [[续写]]
     
     1. illuminate 点亮，相当于 light
     2. The buildmg was enveloped moonlight./The buildmg was illummated by moonlight.
     3. It can illuminate your heart. 这件事情可以让你开心起来

# 完形填空-好人好事

[[完形填空]]

## Cloze 1

Brmgrng a baby home is always a special moment , but it was made <mark>even sweeter</mark> for Dustin and Coren Moore on a Southwest Arrlines <mark>flight</mark>. When the new parents flew home with their <u>adopted</u> newbom daughter, they were (1) to a special baby shower（迎婴派对）
Shanng details of what happened, Dustin (2) to bring some positivity to Twitter and remmd people there is (3) in the world.
(1) A . de livered $\quad$ B. referred $\quad$ C. treated $\quad$ D. guilty

(2) A. hes ltated $\quad$B. intended 打算 $\quad$ C. demanded $\quad$ D. regretted
(3) A. destre   $\quad$ B. sorrow 负担$\quad$ C. burden 负担 $\quad$ D. goodness



On Nov. 8. 2019, the Moores flew from Colorado to California. As <u>first-time</u>
parents, they felt (4)but determined in their <u>new</u> (5). When their daughter needed a diaper （尿布）change, a flight attendant named Jerry (6) <mark>space</mark> in the back of the plane to make it (7) for them
(4)A. depressed $\quad$ B.threatened $\quad$**C. nervous** $\quad$ D. guilty

(5)

(6)

(7)A.obvious $\quad$ B.different $\quad$ C.worthwhile $\quad$ **D.convenient**


Then, Jenny and another passenger praisedl their beautiful daughter and (8) asked why they took such a (9) <mark>baby</mark> on the plane. Dustin gave them the shortened adoption Story to which they offered (10) and shared a few more kind (11) Suddenly they heard the(12) Ladies and gentlelmen.there's a very special guest on the flight today. She's only <mark>8 days</mark> old and she's (13) home with her parents. 
(8) ~~A. thankfully~~ $\quad$ B. hopefully $\quad$ **C. politely** $\quad$ D. definitely
(9) **A. young** $\quad$ B. ordinany $\quad$ C. sick $\quad$ D.moody
(10) **A. congratulations** $\quad$ B. chances $\quad$ C. rewards $\quad$ D. codes
(11) *A. reviews 书面* $\quad$ ***B.remarks  口头*** $\quad$ ~~C.choices~~ $\quad$ ~~D. programs~~

(12) A. explanation $\quad$ B.protest $\quad$ C. argument $\quad$ **D. announcement**
(13) A. accompanying $\quad$ B.contacting $\quad$ C.leaving $\quad$ D. traveling



Flight attendants then (14)napkins（餐巾纸）and asked passengers to
share anywords of (15)they may have for the newparents.Finally,60
napkinsWerehanded to theMooreswhoWere16by thekindness of
strangers.And some of the tips have aalreadybeen17
Dustin really likes the one that says gget sleepwhen the baby sleeps. <mark>Another</mark> (18) that the family adopt a dog, which is somethingDustin wouldlove to do
(14) **A. passed out**   B.knock out撞到 C. hold out=reach out 伸出$\quad$D. find out
(15) A. forgiveness $\quad$**B.wisdom** $\quad$ C.justice $\quad$ D. welcome
(16) *A. relieved*$\quad$~~B. confused~~$\quad$**C. impressed**$\quad$~~D. abandoned~~
(17) A. enough$\quad$B. shocking$\quad$C.optional$\quad$**D.helpful**
(18) **A. suggested**$\quad$ B.determined$\quad$C. required$\quad$D.replied



`Those  (19)helped us realize eveiything will be (20)
Dustin said..We believeourdaughterwill live a good life and be a wonderful
person.
(19) A. attendants $\quad$ <mark>B. strangers</mark> $\quad$ C. relatives $\quad$ D.audiences

(20) A. messy$\quad$ B.ready $\quad$ <mark>C. fine</mark> $\quad$D.true



## Cloze2



The childl woke up, (22)in the morning got ready andsaid.Let's go!
The fathersaid.There's (23)rain:I fear nobody might be there.The child
insisted (24) the father drove in the rain to the shopping center and the boy
hugged nine people there. The father then said Go homeIf it rained more heavily, we would get stuck Sad.thesonwentalongwith hisfather's (25)
Onthewayhome, the child (26)atalhouse saying, `Please.
Dad, justone person is (27); I'll go to that house!
(22) A. confused $\quad$ B. seared $\quad$ C. upset$\quad$D.excited
(23) A. heavy $\quad$ B.common $\quad$ C. mild $\quad$ D.average
(24) A. But $\quad$ B. Since $\quad$ C. So $\quad$ D. Until
(25) A. guidance $\quad$ B.criticism $\quad$ C. order $\quad$ D. suggestion
(26) A. pointed $\quad$ B. looked$\quad$C. aimed$\quad$D. arrived
(27) A. resting$\quad$ B. complaining $\quad$ C. coming $\quad$D. remaining

sth. remins to be seen . 尚未明了


The father smiled and (28)the car over. The child went to the door and (29) the bell. He keptt waiting. (30)the door was opened gently A lady came out with (31) look and asked.`What can I do for you, sir? With abright smile the child told her about his (32)The lady hugged him,and he told the lady Be patient trustlite and I love you. Theni she started ciying
Pull in/out/over/up
(28) A. tumned $\quad$ B. got $\quad$ C.pulled $\quad$D. moved
(29) A. opened$\quad$B. rang$\quad$C. answered$\quad$ D. Knocked
(30) A. Gradually $\quad$ B. Finally $\quad$ C. Surprisingly $\quad$ D. Immediately
(31) A. sad $\quad$ B. funny $\quad$ C.strange $\quad$ D. particular
(32) A. difficulty $\quad$ B. story $\quad$ C. duty $\quad$ D. homework



The boy's father (33) her and asked "Any problem, madam? "She
made herself calm down.tooktheminside.and thentoldthem"Myhusband (34)
a few weeks agoleavingmetotallyalonein theworldThismorning the
loneliness (35)me.1Then,I tookout a chairand a rope; I wasabout to (36
mylife when I heard the doorbell ring ... lwashimtthatsaved me and
now I don'twanttodie37insteadrnhaveanactive38
(33) A. comforted $\quad$B.believed$\quad$C.approached$\quad$D.encouraged
(34) A. died B.disappeared$\quad$C. left$\quad$D. travelled
(35) A. attached to $\quad$B.took over$\quad$C. hit$\quad$D. found
(36) A. improve $\quad$B.donate$\quad$C. riskD. end
(37) A. right away $\quad$B.any more$\quad$C.at lastD. after all
(38) A. dream $\quad$B. life$\quad$C.environment$\quad$D. interest



Sympathyand love are good (39)we should have. They'll keep us
happy and give us (40)in life.
(39)A. shortcuts$\quad$ B.qualities$\quad$ C.strategies$\quad$ D.requirements
(40)A. confidence$\quad$ B. joy $\quad$ C. resolution$\quad$D.advantage



## Cloze3

Dim light
The street was lit dimly.
I was walking down a dimly lit street late one evening when I heard (41)
coming from behind the bushes 灌木丛 (42),I slowed down to listen and panicked when I realized that what I waashearingwereIthesounds of a struggle.Onlyyardsfrom where I stood.a woman was being attacked. Should I get (43).
(41) A. laughter $\quad$B. whispers$\quad$C. whistles$\quad$**D. screams**
(42) A. Shocked $\quad$**B. Alarmed**$\quad$~~C. Surprised~~$\quad$~~D. Impressed~~
(43) A. helped$\quad$B. attached$\quad$C. attacked$\quad$**D. involved**


I was frightened for my own safety.andThated44for having
suddenlydecided to take a(n)(45)routehometthat night. What ifI m hurt
too? ShouldntI just run to the nearest phone and call the police?Although it felt like a century mythought pfocess had only (46)seconds.But already
the cries were growing (47)I knew I had to act fast. "How could I walk
away from this? I asked myself
(44) A. it$\quad$**B. myself**$\quad$C. this$\quad$D. that
(45) A. ordinary$\quad$**B. new**$\quad$C. normal$\quad$D. old
(46)  A.cost$\quad$**B.taken**（物用take）C. spent$\quad$D.paid
(47) A.softer $\quad$B. stronger$\quad$**C. weaker**$\quad$D. louder


"No", I finally resolved, <u>I could not tumn my (48)on the <mark>**fate**</mark> of this
unknown</u>我不能对那个陌生女人的<mark>命运<u></mark>置之不理</u> woman,(49) it means (50) my own life. I am not a <mark>brave</mark> man, nor am I (51). I don t know where I found the moral <mark>courage</mark> and <mark>physical strength</mark>, but (52) I had finally decided to help the girl I
became suddenly changed
(48) A. body$\quad$**B.back**$\quad$C.face$\quad$D. shoulder
(49) A. as if 好像$\quad$B.in case 以防$\quad$C. if only 如果……就好了$\quad$**D. even if** 即使
(50) A. risking 冒着……的风险$\quad$B. ruining 美好事物被毁$\quad$C.damaging可修复的破坏，与destory（不可修复）相反$\quad$D. hurting 情感上的伤害->情感不美好吗？

- risking 冒着……的风险

- ruining 美好事物被毁

- damaging可修复的破坏，与destory（不可修复）相反

- hurting 情感上的伤害

(51) **A. athletic** 身体好的 $\quad$B. energetic 精力旺盛的$\quad$

~~C. intelligent 聪明的~~$\quad$~~D. accessible 可以获得的~~ 

- 身体好不等同于精力旺盛

(52) A. while$\quad$B. until$\quad$C. since$\quad$**D. once**

- Done 可以搭配瞬间的时间点



I ran behind the bushes and (53)the attacker off 脱离 the woman. Struggling, we fell to the ground, (54) we fought for a few minutes until the man jumped up and escaped.(55) heavily, I got to my feet and (56) the girl, who was sobbing behind a tree. In the darkness, I could certainly (57) her trembling shock.
(53) **A. pulled** $\quad$ B.sharpened$\quad$C.recommended$\quad$D.put
<mark>*(54)*</mark> *A. <u>(and)</u> there*$\quad$*B. <u>(and)</u>then*$\quad$*C<u>(and)</u>.later*$\quad$***D.where***
(55) A. Walking$\quad$**B. Breathing**$\quad$C.Sobbing$\quad$D. Sighing
(56) A. found（走丢了）$\quad$**B. approached**$\quad$C.hugged$\quad$~~D.obtained~~

(57) A. ignore$\quad$B. consider$\quad$C. observe$\quad$**D.sense**



Not wanting to frighten her any furthe, I at first spoke to her from a (58) "It's OK," I said softly. "The man ran away.You re safe now."There was a long pause and then I heard the words uttered in (59) "Dad,His that you?"And then,from behind the tree,(60)my youngest daughter. Katherine. God has a way of allowing us to be in the right place at the right time
(58) A distance B. bush C.place D. tree
(59) A. vain B.amazement C. relief D.need
(60) A. struck B. struggled C. stepped D. hid



# 汉译英训练

1. Dustin 希望把一些正能量发到 Twitter 上，提醒人们世界上还有善良。（bring…to…）
   
   Dustin intended to bring some positivity to the Twitter and remind people that <u>there is still goodness/kindness</u> /goodness/kindness remains.

2. 虽然感觉像过了一个世纪，但是我的思考过程只用了几秒钟