persistent problems: garbage and poverty. It’s called the Chip Bag Project. The
26-year-old student and environmentalist from Detroit is asking a favor of local snack
lovers: rather than throw your empty chip bags into the trash, donate them so she can

turn them into sleeping bags for the homeless

## Passage 2

# 一、高考必背两百句

121. Having been established for a long time, our magazine has gained great popularity, carrying articles written by foreign friends _________ the tasty traditional Chinese food

122. Forcing us to know the true personalities of each other , uniforms can help ____ us 
     discrimination.

123. Instead of giving up, he __________ to his feet and ran as fast as his feet could carry him
     
     1. get to one's feet 
     2. struggle to do… 
     3. at the fastest pace
     4. run like a bullet

124. Suddenly, the boom of a vehicle from the distant road <mark>broke the silence</mark>[[续写]] and caught/drew/capture[捕获] their attention.
     
     1. Boom 快速增长

125. But with the six cars speeding by and the daylight fading out, <u>a wave of</u> frustration and helplessness gradually swallow him up.[[续写]]（负面情绪）
     
     1. speed 速度
     
     2. fade 变淡，消退

# 二、阅读理解（社会服务与人际沟通）

## Passage 1

I’d thought I was ready for the challenges of graduate school[再教育学院]. But when I left
Nepal to further my study abroad, I felt as if I <mark>had dropped</mark> into the vast ocean [where

every fish swam faster than I could]. The coursework <u>wore</u> me <u>out</u>. Instead of being

the outgoing person [I had been], I suddenly became a shy girl. Worse still, my research was not progressing <mark>at the pace</mark> [I had expected]. 

- 本段大意是我的研究生学业让我焦虑、精疲力竭

I needed something to return to my old self. After a conversation with my friend, I thought I should go to help others. Then I began to search online for volunteer opportunities. Luckily, a local organization that drives senior citizens to their destinations was looking for volunteers. I thought it might be just what I needed. 

I was a bit anxious before my first ride, as I had not interacted much with people outside school. But I quickly recovered my poise when I picked up an old woman who wanted to go downtown. She talked with me like my grandmother and shared how thankful she was. Connections like this and the smiles on my passengers’ faces encouraged me to continue driving.  

I started to volunteer about three hours every weekend—time I otherwise would have spent oversleeping or looking through information on social media. Sharing stories with my passengers was rewarding. And seeing how eager they were to spend time going out inspired me to think about how to spend my time which used to slip away. 

As my confidence grew, I began opening up to my fellow graduate students about the ups and downs in my research and was surprised to discover that all my fellows faced the same challenge—even the student who I had considered to be on top of everything. As these connections grew, my natural personality began to reappear. 

1. What led to the author becoming shy?
   A. The heavy academic burden. 
   B. Fearing to talk to strangers. 
   
   C. The loneliness of being abroad

2. What did the author volunteer to do?
   A. Help with old people’s daily life. 
   
   B.Provide transportation for the old. 
   
   C. Communicate with senior citizens. 
   
   D. Accompany old people to downtown

3. Which of the following can best explain the underlined word“poise”in paragraph 3?
   A. Strength. 
   
   B. Courage. 
   C. Calmness. 
   D. Enthusiasm. 

4. What can we infer about the author from the last paragraph?
   
   A. She worked very hard on her research. 
   
   B. She experienced a sense of incompetence. 
   
   <mark>C. She was **in the same boat** as her schoolmates. </mark>
   
   D. She regained connection with her friends. 

## Passage 2

Eradajere Oleita thinks she may have a partial solution for two of our country’s

persistent problems: garbage and poverty. It’s called the Chip Bag Project. The
26-year-old student and environmentalist from Detroit is asking a favor of local snack
lovers: rather than throw your empty chip bags into the trash, donate them so she can

turn them into sleeping bags for the homeless.

Chip eaters drop off their empty bags from Doritos, Lay’s, and other favorites at

two locations in Detroit: a print shop and a clothing store, where Oleita and her

volunteer helpers collect them. After they sanitize the chip bags in soapy hot water, they slice them open, lay them flat, and iron them together. They use padding and
liners from old coats to line the insides. 

It takes about four hours to sew a sleeping bag, and each takes around 150 to 300
chip bags, depending on whether they’re single-serve or family size. The result is a

sleeping bag that is “waterproof, lightweight, and easy to carry around,” Oleita told
the Detroit News

Since its start in 2020, the Chip Bag Project has collected more than 800,000 chip
bags and, as of last December, created 110 sleeping bags. Sure, it would be simpler to raise the money to buy new sleeping bags. 

But that’s only half the goal for Oleita—whose family moved to the U.S. a decade ago with the hope of a better life—and her fellow volunteers. “We are dedicated to making an impact not only socially, but environmentally,” she says. 

And, of course, there’s the symbolism of recycling bags that would otherwise land in the trash and using them to help the homeless. It’s a powerful reminder that environmental injustice and poverty often go hand in hand. As Oleita told hourdetroit.com: “I think it’s time to show connections between all of these issues.”

5. What does the underlined word “persistent” mean in the first paragraph?
   A. Temporary. 
   
   B. Tireless. 
   C. Continuous. 
   
   D. Primitive. 

6. Which of the following statements is TRUE?
   A. The empty chip bags are collected from two locations. 
   
   B. The chip bags are sealed with old coats. 
   
   C. A sleeping bag costs only 200 chip bags. 
   
   D. A sleeping bag couldn’t be washed out if dirty. 

7. Why did Oleita start the Chip Bag Project?
   A. To get rid of poverty. 
   
   B. To make use of garbage. 
   
   C. To gain a better life. 
   <mark>D. To make our society and environment better.</mark>

## Passage 3

Why does social media trigger feelings of loneliness and inadequacy? Because
instead of being real life, it is, for the most part, impression management, a way of

marketing yourself, carefully choosing and filtering the picture and words to put your
best face forward. 

Online “friends” made through social media do not follow the normal psychological progression of an interpersonal relationship. You share neither physical
time nor emotional conversations over the Internet. You simply communicate

photographs and catchy posts to a diverse group of people whom you have “friended” 
or “followed” based on an accidental interaction. This is not to say that your social

media friends can’t be real friends. They absolutely can, but the two are not the same. Generally speaking, there are no unfiltered comments and casually taken photos on

our social media pages. And, rightfully so, because it wouldn’t feel safe to be

completely authentic and vulnerable with some of our “friends” whom we don’t

actually know or with whom trust has yet to be built. 

Social media can certainly be an escape from the daily routines, but we must be

cautioned against the negative effects, such as addiction, on a person’s overall

psychological well-being. 

As humans, we are eager for social connection. Scrolling ( 滚动 ) through pages

of pictures and comments, however, does not provide the same degree of fulfillment

as face to face interactions do. Also, we tend to idealize others’ lives and compare our
downfalls to their greatest accomplishments, ending in feelings of loneliness and
inadequacy. 

Social media can lead people on the unhealthy quest for perfection. Some people begin to attend certain events or travel to different places so that they can snap that “perfect” photo. They begin to seek validation through the number of people who “like” their posts. In order for it to play a psychologically healthy role in your social life, social media should supplement an already healthy social network. Pictures and posts should be byproducts of life’s treasured moments and fun times, not the planned and calculated image that one is putting out into cyberspace in an attempt to fill insecurities or unmet needs.

Ultimately, social media has increased our ability to connect with various types of

people all over the globe. It has opened doors for business and allowed us to stay

connected to people whom we may not otherwise get to follow. However, social

media should feel like a fun experience, not one that contributes to negative thoughts
and feelings. If the latter is the case, increasing face to face time with trusted friends, 
and minimizing time scrolling online, will prove to be a reminder that your social
network is much more rewarding than any “like”, “follow” or “share” can be.

9. What does the author imply social media may do to our life?
   A. It may facilitate our interpersonal relationships. 
   
   B. It may filter our negative impressions of others. 
   
   C. It may make us feel isolated and incompetent. 
   D. It may render us vulnerable and inauthentic. 

10. Why do people post comments selectively on social media?
    A. They do not find all their online friends trustworthy. 
    
    B. They do not want to lose their followers. 
    
    C. They want to avoid offending any of their audience. 
    
    D. They are eager to boost their popularity. 

11. What are humans inclined to do according to the passage?
    A. Exaggerate their life’s accomplishments. 
    
    B. Strive for perfection regardless of the cost. 
    C. Paint a rosy picture of other people’s lives. 
    
    D. Learn lessons from other people’s downfalls

12. What does the author advise people to do when they find their online experience

<mark>unconstructive</mark>? construction 建造 construct 建立建造
A. Use social media to increase their ability to connect with various types of people. 
B. Stay connected to those whom they may not otherwise get to know and befriend. 

C. Try to prevent negative thoughts and feelings from getting into the online pages. 
D. Strengthen ties with real-life friends instead of caring about their online image. 
